So hi, good morning everyone, welcome to our regular weekly meeting, so I would like to
start with the expansion program, in the expansion program, if you can come there,
I have to update, in the expansion program, Dr. Yandeck class is in class 11th Jan, and
the next class is in class 18th Jan, this is done by Yambu, in the next class, 18th is
done by Yambu, and for this workshop, date and content has to be finalized and mentioned,
so WIATS IT classes is in class 11th Jan, and in class 18th Jan, WIATS IT classes, WIATS
IT classes, so we can't have a class with this board member, because it's not necessary
that everyone has to attend the meeting, so there can be some board members who will be
watching this meeting after 2-3 weeks, but we know that Dany will reply all the time,
so if he replies, we can assume that he is watching every meeting, but some board members
don't watch it often, so we try to update him in this manner, so for example, if I have
to come to a question here, like wlpclasses.com, wlpclasses.com, we never know which board
member will come to the meeting, because I am just out of my way, so once in a while,
we try to write an explicit and detailed letter to Dany, just to let you know.
Okay.
Yes, we have 2 different things, so let's say that we don't know anything about the
board members, so let's say that we don't know anything about the board members, so
let's say that we don't know anything about the board members, so let's say that we
don't know anything about the board members, so let's say that we don't know anything
about the board members, so let's say that we don't know anything about the board members,
so let's say that we don't know anything about the board members, so let's say that
we don't know anything about the board members, so let's say that we don't know anything
about the board members, so let's say that we don't know anything about the board members,
so let's say that we don't know anything about the board members, so let's say that
we don't know anything about the board members, so let's say that we don't know anything
about the board members, so let's say that we don't know anything about the board members,
so let's say that we don't know anything about the board members, so let's say that we don't
know anything about the board members, so let's say that we don't know anything about the
board members, so let's say that we don't know anything about the board members, so let's
WEBVTT
And at the store, we sell Nepali products like handbags, mufasas, etc.
During festivals?
Yes, during festivals.
And after that, everything is sold.
And on Christmas, they finish the products.
We don't sell almost everything, but on Christmas, we sell a lot.
So, we have a lot of products to sell.
Still, there is room for discussion.
And we made a list.
And we share this excel sheet with them.
And if we want to include this in the excel sheet, we have to buy it.
Okay, I didn't know that.
So, moving forward to the youth program.
For the youth program, we have a youth support plan.
Basically, we have a bulletin board.
We have two initial conversations with the school.
We have to communicate with the school first.
Because to have this new experience for the youth, we have to be 6th grade.
And we have been discussing about how to do the youth program.
Because before, we were doing it on our own.
Which did not work efficiently at all.
And our number of students was also very low.
So, what we are planning is, what I said.
Let's collect all the names of the students with their numbers.
And then let's show our presents through messages.
We can send messages on the bulletin board.
We can send messages through Staro.
And then we can show our presents.
They will feel like, it's not that we are lost.
It will be more about our presents.
We can give them a call.
We are planning to meet at the end of March.
The end of March in Nepali.
Because in March, we will not be able to go to Thakur.
No students are allowed to go to Thakur.
Because of the schedule.
Boarding and pre-boarding are being held.
After March, we will not be able to go to Thakur.
Because of the schedule.
We will have to prepare for that as well.
The social week schedule?
Yes.
In the social week, we finished the third quarter.
And now we are starting our last quarter starting today.
Besides that, our health workshop was conducted on the 16th of January.
Along with distribution of hygiene pack.
And our Amix Nepal logo printed merch.
We are planning to have guest lecturers and field visits.
We will plan for that.
At least tentative.
Besides that, we will draft the curriculum and framework of 25-26.
In the social hours, we will have a placement.
Not all.
But we will have a placement.
We had a workshop on the 17th of January.
And we distributed the hygiene pack along with our logo.
In the social hours, we will have a placement for 3 people.
Alisha and Sonu.
And Sonu will have a class on fashion design.
People who watched yesterday said that they don't understand.
Why is that?
They only do simple designs.
And there is only one slot for morning shift.
They don't have time for that.
They only do basic designs.
We are planning to start on 4th.
I think we should start on 5th.
5th is for basic teaching.
5th is for basic design.
We can't start on 5th.
We can't talk about all these designs.
I think that is what Isha said.
I said that.
I didn't say that.
I said that we should start today.
We can't leave one person's slot.
I said that.
That is not a strict word for a woman.
She just has to say that her parents can't afford.
She can't say that.
I don't want to lie.
I went to another place.
I went to IFT.
It was a course for 8 months.
It was around 1 lakh rupees.
I told her that if you are getting a free course along with the sewing kit.
I told her not to take the sewing kit.
I told her to keep that.
She started saying that there are only basic designs.
Plus, class timings are not matching.
I said that is fine.
If you want to adjust the timings.
She said no.
We didn't want to argue further.
I think we can still go.
At least, to get in touch with this organization.
Just to understand.
Sonu was having a hard time.
That is completely stupid.
I can't afford that.
I don't want to do that.
That is stupid.
If she can't afford it.
Why is she even getting it?
Under the beneficiary of Amisher Nepal.
That is stupid.
It would be more of a valid thing.
If we can go from our direction.
I know in our women's home.
How many women are there in tailoring?
We are paying for that.
Sewing machines and everything.
They would get it for free.
We can initiate.
Even if we don't have the youth.
We can still send our women beneficiaries.
Who knows.
We will get it for free.
We will pay for it.
We have one possibility.
Can we visit her?
Last time we visited.
I brought her number.
The session started from 8.
Today is the 3rd day.
We will come from 10.45 to 11.
One month is there to take the interview.
There are certain criteria.
They have to come from an unprivileged background.
They cannot afford it.
She will ask a few questions.
She will get enrolled.
We can go today and ask.
I don't know.
If there is one possibility.
Do they have a shop?
They sell all these things.
They don't have a shop.
They don't have a physical store.
I think what can we do?
What can we do?
We can try to organize a field visit.
We discussed this last time.
She has her own organization.
She has a small store.
She has her own store.
We can visit the store.
What can we do?
For example.
They will do a short presentation.
At the store.
About our organization.
About our motives.
About our aims.
About the benefits.
WEBVTT
more of that, and after that, maybe we can give these women such training,
and then having to, I don't know if they would allow, but if they allow,
to communicate with these women, to take out maybe a few of their bags,
I don't know if that is possible.
They have their own organization.
Last time, we went to make paper bags.
But they don't make paper bags.
It's only stitching.
And even though they have their own organization,
they were not that interested.
So we took the number of the facilitator.
So there is a possibility to bring them here.
And then we can tell them to visit the field.
But I don't think they will agree to the presentation.
But we can bring their facilitator here.
She said she was free on Thursday and Friday.
So we can bring her here in the afternoon.
And we can propose to them that we have this and that for the field visit.
Last time, we went to the grocery store.
We brought the paper bags.
They also buy from outside and bring it here.
We can do that.
But their other products are very good.
I told you, it was a very good opportunity for Sonu.
If she really wants to go to the presentation meeting,
she can go to the 124th floor.
She can sit there and do the presentation.
Or maybe, if she really wants to go,
there might be this possibility of collaborating with them.
We will show them the polish teaching.
We will give them this offer.
We will show them the t-shirts.
We will buy the garments.
We are going to take every year.
Every year, we will need this.
One garment will need 50 of that.
I don't know. I'm just saying.
One garment will need 20-25 t-shirts.
That is still going to be benefited.
We are willing to do this.
We are also trying to give them business.
We will go to the 124th floor.
We know that this money is going to something sustainable.
It's not going to a very commercialized industry.
It's going to an industry which is very sustainable.
Which is working for the environment.
I mean, for the community.
From that perspective, there can be this room.
So, let's try to see.
They have an organization.
Can you give me this link?
I will just study.
I'm so busy with my schedule.
Because, the narrative has also come.
The narrative of Zubel has also come.
Now, I have to do the narrative.
And then, now, the content of the Evern magazine.
That's it.
I will share it with you.
Anyway, we can see this.
So, probably we will miss it.
Okay, we can try.
I mean, moving further with Children's Home Youth.
So, in Children's Home Youth, we have all the academic documents.
We have already visited Kathmandu.
We have visited Kathmandu.
We have registered in the college.
So, similarly, we have also registered in the Science and Economics department of the FCE.
So, now, the further step is to find the classes.
So, to find the classes for Science and Economics.
Let's try to see both of these options.
No?
And then, the other one is Ram Bahadur Nagar, which is again Raju.
So, Raju's name is Ram Bahadur Nagar.
So, Ram Bahadur Nagar's full name is Raju.
So, Ram Bahadur Nagar is a civilian.
I think, he is a part of the system.
He is a part of the system.
I have seen a few pictures about his family.
So, yeah, I think that is more or less about the program.
Okay, thank you so much, Rohitji and Spiti.
Moving forward, in the Children's Home Youth program, we have Kashmira.
We requested her to visit AMIX at least once a month.
But she is a little sick.
She has a severe high fever.
Her mother is also sick.
So, she was not able to visit.
In PBL 6 and 7, in our last meeting, we asked her to clear the remaining payments of Shri Krishna.
So, we asked her to come to Parents.
We kept all her records and provided her a cheque.
And for Siddharth's eye surgery, we also talked about his vacation.
So, his eye surgery was also done.
Now, we have to pay the fees.
We have to pay the fees within a week.
We have also asked her to pay the medical bills.
We have asked her if there are any payments left to be made.
We have asked her to come today for the cross-check and office records.
PBL 6 and 7's final event was held in December.
Due to budget constraints, we had to hold the event in December.
So, we had to postpone the event due to budget constraints.
Classes also started late.
And the holidays were also in between due to festivals.
So, I think that reason would be more valid then.
Otherwise, we would not have held the event.
Because I am sure they are going to ask.
And it is also for us like, we have to hold the event in December.
So, we have to postpone it.
They will be like, tell me the reason why.
Of course, they are not going to say why.
But it is better for us to explain.
It would be better to give them a valid reason why we are holding the event.
Though, like event.
Because the event that we are holding.
We have to hold the event in December.
We have to postpone it.
It is going to somehow miscommunicate or mismanage the event.
So, instead, it is wiser to give them a context regarding like,
Classes started late.
And even PBL, Art and Solid Art, Public Holidays,
A lot of things are happening.
And we are afraid that children won't be able to fulfill it on time.
To complete the pictures on time.
So, the reason to postpone was that.
And in our winter package, there were some budgets left.
And in that, we have added a thermos and distributed it.
Both PBL and EL.
Can you tell us about PBL's Dog Feast?
Yes. Thank you.
Do you know the name of the school?
Orlando.
Orlando School.
Do you know the name of the school?
What is the name of the school?
WEBVTT
It's not so much about the material, it's more about the details.
In EL,
In EL, our classes are run by three people.
In this curriculum, we have justified with Ruhi ji.
She has also narrated the story.
The English assessment curriculum starts today.
So that's all from the children's program.
So, rather than talking about the children's homeschool,
I don't know if it has been complicated or not.
But based on our experience, we have performed well.
So there is a mid-event.
We are discussing about the mid-event in Phase 8.
It has not been planned yet.
I have seen it in the last calendar.
Now, we are discussing about the classes' dramas,
the women's dramas,
how to define women,
how to create them through art.
So, we will discuss about the mid-event.
Thank you.
Let me talk to her.
Can you call her tomorrow?
I will talk to her.
She is in the middle of the class.
She is doing the narrative.
She is doing the transcribing.
So, if you can call her tomorrow, I will talk to her.
Okay.
About the CH event?
In the CH event, I am planning to wish her a happy birthday.
Because one of the reasons I asked to do it in February was
definitely it is cold.
It is the right time to do it during that time.
I mean cold season.
It does not have to be in February itself.
It can be in March.
But I do not want to do it during the final.
It is very hot.
I think the ideal time that we can go to
For me, it is ideal of rainy season.
But rainy season is still difficult in the past.
I have to travel by bus.
Or I would prefer to do it in the winter.
It is cold and the weather is nice.
But then, during summer, it is so cold.
Almost during the day, it would be in the house.
We would not be able to do it.
It is possible to do it in the morning.
So, we would not be able to do it.
We would not be able to do it in the right time.
So, that is also one of the reasons for me.
Well, the board is asking me to break down the expenses
for both Virat Nagar and Mahindra Nagar.
To go by bus, how much it will cost?
And then to go by plane, how much it will cost?
Now, there is a context.
Why do we want to do this?
I do not know.
There is this possibility.
So, what I am trying to do.
Let me be clear from that aspect.
When did I say this?
Of course, everyone is DJ.
I have to take your permission as well.
Even though I am taking care of the children's room,
my responsibility, my job description.
But at the end, it is going to be you
who will be managing all these events.
I cannot go to Mahindra Nagar,
I cannot go to Virat Nagar all the time.
It will be either sweetie or then property.
Sometimes, I even have to go inside to an event.
I completely understand that back-to-back events
are routine.
One after another.
And it is true.
I am not just saying this randomly.
I have to go to FUT management,
prepare speech speakers,
help workshops,
and then finally create an event.
Even in the middle, I have to think of new events,
processes and emerging models.
Even when even the…
not only because Patan Chillay
I don't think there will be an event like this in the future.
If I create an event,
for the BH Nigam,
I have no problem of it being one.
If something eve-ents is coming,
I think it might come as a big work.
So, I don't know.
Especially from the youth perspective,
I have thought about it.
Because if you remember,
in the past,
when we used to organize CSE events,
youth will be involved mostly.
Mostly youth will be involved.
Especially,
we used to come to Viratnagar,
to Viratnagar.
Because we really wanted to nourish.
But we used to come every time.
Not every time,
but once in a while,
we used to bring a few youth.
Few youth are like that.
But why not,
in Viratnagar?
And this is also a part of exposure,
for the youth.
And of course,
we can take the best possible youth.
Even though we cannot offer them
internship here,
there are this kind of exposures,
to help them build.
Because we cannot offer internship
properly for all the youth.
I do see a few promising youth,
this batch method.
Who needs to have more opportunities.
In terms of almost all the youth.
So they are asking me,
why do you want to go for...
First of all,
they didn't propose.
Like, maybe we should do two events.
No?
We didn't even go for something.
They didn't propose.
And I said,
okay, we'll try to do that.
Now they are questioning me,
why do you want to do two events?
So it's like kind of,
they are putting me in a situation now,
can you explain?
You said yes,
now you explain.
Right?
And I'm willing to do that.
I'm willing to do that.
But then,
it is also like,
I also have to get confirmation from you guys,
will you be able to do it?
Right?
Because at the end,
if you are going to say yes,
then I will fight for it.
Right?
And why it is good,
why it is good to go to Mahidhar Nagar,
why it is good to go to Virat Nagar,
you know,
all the different places.
Because, pardon me,
not today.
And of course,
having to go to
Virat Nagar
or Mahidhar Nagar,
you know,
first thing,
it's a completely different experience.
We'll go to
a completely different geography.
Right?
Going to Purgo and going to Pachin,
Pachin is also like,
I wish,
you know,
it's completely different,
new language,
new culture,
you know,
you might have to adapt,
you might not even understand
certain things,
you know.
And that kind of experience,
you know,
it's experience,
and
definitely,
it's not going to be easy.
Right?
So,
even for that,
like,
you might be very comfortable.
Here,
you work for like,
you are comfortable,
you know,
all the youth,
all the children,
everyone.
Now,
you are in a comfort zone,
you know.
So,
after working for like,
two months,
you go,
every year is a challenge.
Right?
So,
this might be something that
might interest you,
you know.
So,
that perspective also,
you know,
you yourself,
can give me a few reasons
regarding,
you know,
of course,
I know that,
I think,
it would be good if,
you can say all these things,
because,
in my head also,
there are certain structures,
I can realize that,
this is something special.
Right?
But,
if you can,
let me know,
other reasons,
that is,
why,
every new perspective,
this is required.
You can still,
do that,
you know.
So,
yeah,
these are something that,
I think,
you know.
Do you want me to,
fight for two events?
Yes,
fine.
And,
let me tell you,
if you are doing it,
it will be divided.
It will be divided among,
let's say,
like,
WEBVTT
I can say that one event is for the community to take the lead, one event is for the community to take the lead, one event is for the student to take the lead, and one event is for the student to take the lead.
And you can have your own person that will support you, maybe in your case it can be Sandesh, in your case it can be, I don't know.
And also, there is Uyebani, we also have Osmo, Osmo wants to go, might want to go, I don't know, I don't know.
So, we can divide somehow, though we know that we are taking few youth from Monan right, this year I guess.
No, I was going to say that.
We are taking few youth, youth from the program, youth from Monan.
How many youths are we taking?
I don't know, we have to take out the budget.
But anyway, let me do it.
And then we come to know when we are taking, how we are going to do it.
I have sent you the plane tickets for Birak Nagar by road and by plane.
It is only available for 2000-3000.
Exactly, we can do it, we are also talking about it.
If it is a car, it is going to take us 2000.
No, not for people, 2000 for a car, a good car.
And then we will have food on the road, 1000 rupees.
Then if it is for food, we will have snacks.
But if it is for flight, it is going to be somewhere around 35,000.
While plane is 5000-5000.
I have seen that it is 427,000.
I have to book you a little ahead.
If you book a little ahead, it will be fine.
I don't know.
I have seen that it is 5000.
But if you book three tickets at once, it will be fine.
I have seen that it is cheaper.
If you book a little ahead, it will be fine.
If you book three tickets at once, it will be fine.
Yeah, in that sense, it won't be so expensive.
For it, it will cost 2000.
But it is 20 euros.
Right?
Yeah, because that is what they were saying.
20 euros.
Yeah, like 20 euros.
20 euros for it.
But they were willing to do it.
I will share with you.
You have to share the remaining items and update.
I will keep the above information.
And the rest of the details.
So, as we are doing that,
I decided that we need to book.
I knew we need to book.
It is always good.
But, I am sorry.
But, the thing is,
the thing is,
the thing is.
The thing is,
the thing is,
WEBVTT
Because he sent me a slip with the account number and the balance sheet I got.
I mapped that account number.
So there is a confusion that we deposited the money in the same account number.
We deposited the money in the same account number.
So that is the confusion.
You said that you have 5,000 rupees.
Did you know about it?
I don't know about it. I just came to this question.
So in brief please.
Thank you so much.
Do you understand?
Yes, I understand.
In November?
And in December,
in November and December,
was it in Jan?
Because I checked the calendar,
it was in mid of Jan.
And it should be in December,
but it was in Jan.
Didi told me.
And we started from mid,
we started from last.
So, it was in Jan?
No, it was in Feb.
Feb?
No, it was in December.
Oh, in December.
Thank you.
And in October,
we started from mid.
But it was not in Dussehra,
it was in Bida.
Thank you.
In the new strategy,
our field visit,
and guest speakers'
template, as you said,
if you could send it again,
that would be great.
In the guest speakers' template,
as you said,
that was for the internal report,
we are talking about the template.
And in the new strategy,
this template,
I am trying to make
every character
We have tried
in the
earlier changes
we can just
copy and paste it.
It is not a master sheet.
If we see
the event,
the proposal,
the date,
it is in the description.
It can include
the event,
the content,
everything is there.
Once you
look into it,
everyone knows
the event.
The event is yet to come.
Everyone knows.
When the checklist is made,
everything is there.
We are told to do that.
But we won't do that.
It is easier.
What about curriculum development
and classes implementation?
We are supposed to
share our plan
and framework
along with activities
for 2025.
In this case,
we have compiled
all the workshops
and came up with
the plan.
We have planned to share it
while we are still working on it.
You can share the documents.
You can be in the account all the time.
I want us to see
the overview.
You have to be answerable.
You have to be lenient.
Just have a glance of it.
There are no updates
in collaboration and intern.
We have shared the staff
children program coordinator
and youth program coordinator's
appraisal sheet.
The appraisal sheet
will be available in March.
You can check it.
It is not scheduled yet.
I saw the appraisal sheet
and took it.
I have a deadline.
I also have to make a
timeline for staff appraisal
and other logistical
dynamics.
Kritam will give
the address of accounting
and finance.
I am waiting for the photo.
You can reply
that
you don't
understand.
You can
That's all I can show you.
Thank you.
Okay.
Yeah.
We don't know.
We might have to do likely
hopefully
Yeah.
Okay.
Six.
You know.
You have to pay
you.
What are the other ways to
What are the other ways to not escape the tax?
Hopefully I'm out of
Hopefully I'm out of accounting.
If you want to be
You know, if you want to
You know, if you want to conduct a thorough
conduct a thorough
If you want to check and
If you want to check and balance
Okay.
Alright.
I have
WEBVTT
You have to take many pitfalls.
I don't have a fixed place to work right now, so I'm like moving here and there.
I mean, of course, that computer, when you actually come home super late, it's super slow.
It takes forever.
It's not working at all.
So maybe, I don't know.
I'll talk with Kabir Aman regarding this.
I'm not expecting a high-end, high-spec computer.
It's just a basic computer that would be good enough for me to work at.
Do you have any other expectations?
No, I don't.
Potential?
Potential, yeah.
Regarding admin, we have Ana Martinez.
Ana Martinez is available for volunteers for at least 2-3 months.
Patricia is actually the one who is managing all the volunteers from Spain.
So, if in case, just to let you know, if someone volunteers for you, I want to work with you.
We'll have that very random walk-in.
So once in a blue moon, I think.
I don't know anyone, I don't know anyone.
But if I look on the internet, I'll see that there's someone here.
So I'll go and meet them.
And I'll do a random walk-in.
There are foreigners too, right?
And they will say, I want to volunteer.
If you're a procedure, they might come to you, you know?
That can also happen.
So for that, Patricia is actually the one.
Patricia is our website.
On our website, there's a section called Volunteers.
And I think each volunteer needs to pay a certain amount to volunteer.
I think it's 60 Euros or something like that.
I think 60 Euros will cover their health insurance during the time they are in Nepal.
So you should always ask if there is any volunteer who just randomly walks in and wants to volunteer.
Then you should direct them to go to the website.
On the website, there is a section called Volunteers.
And there, you are supposed to send your CV, cover letters to Patricia.
Patricia will review that and get back to you.
While we can have random volunteers, of course, we can give them a tour around how the project works.
Because it's always a possible way for us to generate money to give them.
Because sometimes, anything can happen.
They just randomly want to walk in and they just randomly want to give money.
This also happens.
They just randomly want to walk in and we explain the project to them.
And then they make a donation.
This also happened in the past.
So these are our activities.
So do not reach each other and explain the projects.
So furthermore, Anna and Gauri, they are really, really great.
They are a lot of people.
So they will hopefully be coming.
After that, for fundraising, donor justification and reporting, we will be preparing justification.
So I have updated all the activity lists.
And one thing I recently shared that I would like to be filled.
So I will be working on that.
And when the time comes, I would like to share it with you.
Just so that you can overview and see what possibilities we have.
Please, you can proceed further now.
For communication, the first draft...
What was it?
Rohit?
Did he say it?
I don't know.
For communication, I will have the first draft.
I am supposed to share it by 25th of January, which is this Friday.
I don't know how possible it is.
Because today is already Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.
Oh, okay.
Anyway, I am trying my best to pull it off.
Of course, I will also get back to the CPE coordinator and the YP coordinator.
Of course, there are certain things I will do by myself.
But I might need a list of newly updated list of things to share with you.
So, I might ask you about it.
Ah, okay.
And one thing...
One thing.
Okay.
So...
It should always be...
My point is...
If I had gone to EU, family is the reason why.
But I think they will say...
I had to make a call.
So, that's not a problem.
What I feel is...
They are coming and meeting me all the time.
I am walking here.
There is a random visitor.
So, that was kind of frustrating.
Anyway...
Webcam...
Earphones...
One of the reason was...
To face time with...
Which is not happening.
And they were doing their racket.
We had...
I will be able to do this.
So, what I would say is...
It is necessary for you.
It is not necessary for you.
You can unlock that.
At least, if you want to unlock that.
You can keep it on the side.
Now, then you will have to...
Only for teaching, if you want that earphone...
If you want your student to use that earphone...
Ask them to...
Come and say, it will be done by you.
Because you will be in that room.
And if you don't like it...
Ask them.
If you don't like it, don't take it.
But then...
Make sure that they are going to give them back...
This earphone to him.
After using it.
And not leave it there.
Because they could answer...
Oh yeah, at least...
No, people are not watching so much YouTube.
Because they don't have any other options.
Not only doing other things.
You'll make your son watch this.
We have strictly asked CPQA students...
We are not providing these earphones.
We have asked them to ask us...
...or directly ask Mr. Kirtan or Mr. Rojan.
We have stopped this.
If they want to ask for earphones...
...we have researched and asked 3 people...
...me, Rohit, Mr. Rojan, Alisha, Navidehi, Sandeep...
...and we have checked and cross-checked...
...and we have only said that it is not okay to ask for earphones.
Oh! I didn't say external communication.
It says we need to mail this...
..and we have also divided work...
Who will review and...
...who will review the EC program.
For internal reports, Rohit will share a new template.
For monthly reports, I will create a new template...
..and I will also share with you the proposal that we have prepared...
..for 1,100 communities.
On the basis of that proposal, we will create monthly reports.
I am also looking for certain changes...
..for your financing in the month of June.
WEBVTT
the report, so that under the solution of workloads,
because we are all planning,
at least the activity is the room,
then it might be time-consuming
to go through all the sections,
so I'd like to make it a little bit further,
and that's some communication happening.
Programming will be done on important update
for the company in the section that we need,
which won't be published in the end of the time,
so that the update doesn't end on how long it can be,
but we have to create that in the end of the time.
So, let's start doing that,
while I'll give you a template of the learning,
where I can prepare, create it,
maybe from the new program,
whatever I want to,
maybe not to go,
but I will do that,
and actually,
I'll publish my own technique,
but of course,
I need to update one of them,
because I don't know what the solution might be,
because no only program will be taken,
there will be nothing,
except none,
I mean,
no?
So,
Also,
your extra communication,
Google will give you one of them,
just to get it up,
monthly report,
only two months,
alternative ways,
I'll tell you,
what I like with you,
last meeting,
but,
it's end of it,
just maybe,
it won't just be cool,
and this particular,
in March,
but it's a bit,
we need to learn,
so that's all for today's meeting.
Yeah,
just to add one part to Rosan's definition,
Rosan,
I want you to create,
a big chart,
I don't know,
make a chart,
a big chart,
but in its size,
or whatever,
maybe in Illustrator,
so what I want to do is,
do a video,
yearly calendar,
Sunny,
okay?
Yearly calendar.
So,
so let's try to paste it here,
in this board,
because we are not using this board,
anyway,
no, I mean,
it's not being used,
so effectively,
this,
on,
when you do it on the internet,
I'm not sure how to say that,
this is very old,
and watch,
paper,
so,
calendar,
same for the report,
based on the budget,
budget of the data that,
there is a,
and it based on,
calendar,
I don't know if we are using them anymore.
There was an email thread.
Oh, that thread.
We don't use that thread anymore.
But now, what we are trying to do is to run a template.
What we are trying to do is,
after running the template,
we will know,
sometimes it happens,
sometimes it doesn't.
We will guess what the potential is.
We want to see what makes a video in the endcounter easier difficulty.
Thank you very much.
We can continue to compete in the next upload.
We are still developing the code.
I am still learning the code.
Of course, this is a challenge for us.
Last time, we were worried about the content quality.
We are still developing the code.
We are still learning the code.
We will continue to develop the code.
I will talk with J&J or SoSigar.
WEBVTT
3 months but make sure you are not using it for that
for until 3 months
accumulating
if you are accumulating for 3 months
there is a market here
everyone is accumulating
if you are accumulating for 3 months
you will be like oh yeah
what will happen?
so you accumulate every month
but you keep it in a safe place
right?
and in 3 months
if you are using other apps
other apps like
income of 30,000
right?
in other apps
and you are using it as a credit account
or if you want to deposit in the account
and you can show your proper account
you can always do it
you can do the deposit
yeah
you can deposit
but you can't do it
you can't do it
if you are from Nepal
you can always deposit
so if you are accumulating for 3 months
after 3 months
you will be like
if you are accumulating for 3 months
but you are accumulating every month
right?
you can do it every month
if you want bank based
you can do that
right?
cash flow is
in US
right?
let's say
cash flow
our
we saw cash flow in many banks
right?
but we didn't see cash flow in banks
because collection wasn't good
right?
so that system
that system is used here
right?
we can show that
so that
it will be easy
it will be clear
because now
when we are operating
we can check
what we have done
we don't have to check
we can do it
so this basic cash flow
if you do it
it will come
if you want
3 months
right?
you can do it
and it will come
from the same bank
right?
so
every
way
but it is clear
still
problem
that is also
not
clear
so
in
.
WEBVTT
I told him to eat the momo
and I went to the kitchen
and asked if he had momo left
and he said he didn't have it
so I sent it to him
and then he left
He was hiding the plastic
and I was like
ok fine, I'll give it to him
but at least inform him
don't tell him not to eat it
but at least tell him
but tell him it's not enough
and keep it
I told him
I have some left
I'll give you some
I don't feel bad
I don't mind
I'll give you some
but I can't eat it
I'm not that kind of person
We're hungry and we'll eat it
but then we'll think about it
maybe I'll eat today
maybe I'll bring one packet tomorrow
We don't want to inform
No, but the thing is to inform
but one of the things
is like
everyone
has their own way
but
if you don't know
how to do it
it's not worth it
I'll give it to him
and he'll eat it
Sometimes you have to eat
but usually
when you do
they put
way much more
right
they put way much more
they're taking it home
but then
they're not doing it in a sense
like
they make a lot
and what do they do
they
they know
they make a lot
so that we can take it home
we don't have to eat it
we can distribute it
we don't have to distribute it
they make a lot
especially when they're in the
day
instead of making a lot
it comes on it's own
they say
why there is so much
expense
it wasn't enough
and we're not doing it
thank you
theylle
Oward
WEBVTT
I told him to eat the momo
and I went to the kitchen
and asked if he had momo left
and he said he didn't have it
so I sent it to him
and then he left
He was hiding the plastic
and I was like
ok fine, I'll give it to him
but at least inform him
don't tell him not to eat it
but at least tell him
but tell him it's not enough
and keep it
I told him
I have some left
I'll give you some
I don't feel bad
I don't mind
I'll give you some
but I can't eat it
I'm not that kind of person
We're hungry and we'll eat it
but then we'll think about it
maybe I'll eat today
maybe I'll bring one packet tomorrow
We don't want to inform
No, but the thing is to inform
but one of the things
is like
everyone
has their own way
but
if you don't know
how to do it
it's not worth it
I'll give it to him
and he'll eat it
Sometimes you have to eat
but usually
when you do
they put
way much more
right
they put way much more
they're taking it home
but then
they're not doing it in a sense
like
they make a lot
and what do they do
they
they know
they make a lot
so that we can take it home
we don't have to eat it
we can distribute it
we don't have to distribute it
they make a lot
especially when they're in the
day
instead of making a lot
it comes on it's own
they say
why there is so much
expense
it wasn't enough
and we're not doing it
thank you
theylle
Oward
WEBVTT
I told him to eat the momo
and I went to the kitchen
and asked if he had momo left
and he said he didn't have it
so I sent it to him
and then he left
He was hiding the plastic
and I was like
ok fine, I'll give it to him
but at least inform him
don't tell him not to eat it
but at least tell him
but tell him it's not enough
and keep it
I told him
I have some left
I'll give you some
I don't feel bad
I don't mind
I'll give you some
but I can't eat it
I'm not that kind of person
We're hungry and we'll eat it
but then we'll think about it
maybe I'll eat today
maybe I'll bring one packet tomorrow
We don't want to inform
No, but the thing is to inform
but one of the things
is like
everyone
has their own way
but
if you don't know
how to do it
it's not worth it
I'll give it to him
and he'll eat it
Sometimes you have to eat
but usually
when you do
they put
way much more
right
they put way much more
they're taking it home
but then
they're not doing it in a sense
like
they make a lot
and what do they do
they
they know
they make a lot
so that we can take it home
we don't have to eat it
we can distribute it
we don't have to distribute it
they make a lot
especially when they're in the
day
instead of making a lot
it comes on it's own
they say
why there is so much
expense
it wasn't enough
and we're not doing it
thank you
theylle
Oward
WEBVTT
I told him to eat the momo
and I went to the kitchen
and asked if he had momo left
and he said he didn't have it
so I sent it to him
and then he left
He was hiding the plastic
and I was like
ok fine, I'll give it to him
but at least inform him
don't tell him not to eat it
but at least tell him
but tell him it's not enough
and keep it
I told him
I have some left
I'll give you some
I don't feel bad
I don't mind
I'll give you some
but I can't eat it
I'm not that kind of person
We're hungry and we'll eat it
but then we'll think about it
maybe I'll eat today
maybe I'll bring one packet tomorrow
We don't want to inform
No, but the thing is to inform
but one of the things
is like
everyone
has their own way
but
if you don't know
how to do it
it's not worth it
I'll give it to him
and he'll eat it
Sometimes you have to eat
but usually
when you do
they put
way much more
right
they put way much more
they're taking it home
but then
they're not doing it in a sense
like
they make a lot
and what do they do
they
they know
they make a lot
so that we can take it home
we don't have to eat it
we can distribute it
we don't have to distribute it
they make a lot
especially when they're in the
day
instead of making a lot
it comes on it's own
they say
why there is so much
expense
it wasn't enough
and we're not doing it
thank you
theylle
Oward